Hello everyone and welcome to this lecture.
This lecture we're going to cover what we call of the order of operations which is very important kind
of concept when we're doing any mathematical operation.
OK.
The order of operation has kind of a different name in what we call it presidents.
Which simply describe which operation should be performed first.
Right which is you know which one has kind of a higher priority compared to other operations.
All right let's take a look.
So here we have kind of a table that shows the order of operations from the highest or the most important
down to the least important which means that first step or first thing they're going to be executed
if you perform any mathematical operation is simply if we do use these prentice's that's the first you
know high is the highest priority item that we're going to be perform followed by that we're going to
be doing exponents.
All right.
And then followed by the multiplication and division.
Right.
And then the least kind of priority one is Will Call of the addition and subtraction.
These are the least one.
All right.
Okay.
Maybe it looks a little bit weird The little it's kind of the concept looks a little bit different here.
But all we could do that we were free once we go through a couple of mathematical know kind of examples
everything will get to be very clear for us.
All right.
Okay.
So let's get started.
So let's assume that I want to for example some two numbers together and then the result of that summation
are going to multiply by a new number.
All right.
Let's take a look.
So let's assume that I wanted to for example add one plus two.
OK.
So going to perform one plus two and then multiply whatever the result by three.
Okay.
So if I add on this that will give me nine which means that because here I put these these prentice's
which means I'm asking what I'm requesting.
Kind of you know Python.
Okay.
To do this operation first.
Why.
Because the prentice's has the highest presidents.
Okay.
So here's what happen is one plus two we've been in the become three and then the result of this.
We're going to be multiplied by three.
And that's why we got here the result of money.
All right.
Let's assume that for example you know what I don't know kind of the order of operation and he said
okay I'm going to do a one plus two time three and I'm not going to do the prentice's OK if I wait on
this you'll find that you come up with a completely different answer.
Going to come up with number seven.
Okay.
Are they helping us capture or you know like at least knew what happened to what happened here is because
they didn't do or didn't put these prentice's who happen is that the multiplication has been performed
first.
Why.
Because multiplication has hired presidence compared to the addition and subtraction superfood multiplication
first.
So three things to happen first and then whatever the results were going to be added to one.
And that's why you come up with the number seven here.
OK.
Which means that if you're if you're going to perform any mathematical operation you need to make sure
that the order of operation just you know can generate completely two completely different results to
each other.
If you wanted to perform any mathematical operations first just to do the apprentice's and then you're
going to be safe.
That means this we're going to be operated first for sure.
They can look a couple of other examples so let's assume that they wanted to take let's say 60.
Right.
Divided by four.
OK.
And then again do some nation and then do 25 divided by five.
So simply put here.
What do you guys expect.
So first step in that going to do multiplication first and division first were 16 the better for that
will be for 25.
Divided by five that means five and then four plus five the addition going to be performed after.
So if we're on it then we're gonna come up with a number nine.
OK.
Why.
Because again 16 divided by 40 plus.
So the division happened first division happened first and then the results of two.
We're going to be basically added together.
And that's one car with number nine on it.
Let's say you're going to copy this and copy paste cotopaxi Control V.
And what I'm going to do here is I'm going to add let's say percentages here.
Right.
Between these two.
Again I didn't change anything I just put prentice's.
What do you guys expect.
They expect to going to get number nine again.
Obviously not so for it.
Come up with point one one one which is two completely different number.
Why.
Because what happened here is that because they put these prentices and since prentice's has a higher
kind of Presidents compared to the division.
So what happens is I'm going to do the prentice's first so he can come up with number 29 so I'm going
to divide 16 divided by 29.
And then the results were going to be divided by five after.
And then you come up with that number.
Point one one one out.
Okay.
And that's pretty much kind of a quick overview of what they mean by order of operation or presidents.
And that's pretty much all ahead for this election.
I hope you guys enjoyed it and see you in the next letter.